Instructions

Test cases for the Data Access and Service classes
Each public method in these classes should have two corresponding test cases,
one positive test and one negative test (see project specs for more details on test cases).
Every test case should include an Assert statement of some type.


Before starting anything, please read the specifications for the server carefully and thoroughly.
For this assignment, you will implement two DAO classes that each contain 3 methods, and then
implement test cases for each method as described below.



DAO classes

    The 2 DAO classes you will show to the TA for pass-off are the UserDAO class and the PersonDAO class.
    The 3 methods you will implement inside each DAO class will handle inserting new data into the table,
    retrieving information from a table, and clearing all information from the table.



Junit Test Cases

    For your test cases, create a positive and a negative test case for the insertion and retrieval
    methods of each DAO class and a single positive test case for the clear method of each DAO class.
    This means we are looking for a minimum of 10 good quality test cases, 5 for each of the 2 DAO classes.
    For a positive test case, we want the test case to try using a DAO class method where the SQL
    operation works successfully. For a negative test case, we want the test case to try using a
    DAO class method where the SQL operation does not work successfully and check to see that the
    method handles the problem correctly.

Pass-off

    You will passoff with a TA (either in person or over Zoom). When you do so, you will be asked
    to present 2 DAO classes with 3 operations in each DAO class (Note: This does not mean that
    your DAO classes will only have 3 operations in them when you are implementing the full Family
     Map Server).
    When you contact the TAs for passoff, have your code either pulled up on a laptop or a lab machine
     ready to show the TA (1) Your 2 DAO classes and (2) The 10 Junit test cases. Once the TA has
     reviewed your DAO’s and your test cases, you will be asked to run your test cases and show that
     they all pass. There is no partial credit for this assignment.
    When we are passing you off we are looking to see that you understand how to connect to your
    database using DAO classes, perform SQL operations on your database with the DAO classes, and
     write test cases to test the functionality of your DAO classes.